Oops! All prosthetics! Adds -6 quirk with all prosthetic limbs + Icon Tutorial (#69743)
tgstation/tgstation: tgui/packages/tgfont/README_ICON_TUTORIAL.txt

The following is the process to implement your own icon using an svg.

> If you plan on making your own SVG, i suggest Inkscape, as it is free and pretty powerful for vector graphics.
> 
> 1. Get whatever SVG you plan on using and put it in the ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\icons folder.
> 
> 2. In VScode, at the top, open "Terminal>New Terminal" and run this exact line of code without the quotes -> ".\BUILD.cmd tg-font"
>     Wait till its all complete
> 
> 3. In ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\dist you will find 3 files that were generated, a .css, .eot and a .WOFF2 file. Copy and replace all 3 of these files to
>     the following directory -> ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\static
> 
> Now your SVG will be able to be used in the game.
> 
> NOTE; Be sure when you reference your icon that you prefix it with "tg-", otherwise it will not find it.
> 
> EXAMPLE;
>     for svg named "prosthetic-leg.svg", you would reference it like so;
>         vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
>         icon = "tg-prosthetic-leg"
>         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>     The process uses the main filename of your SVG as the icon name, so don't name it something stupid.
> 
>     Also try to get your SVG as simple as possible, the engine has trouble rendering SVGs that have a lot of little disconnected parts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on making your own SVG, consider [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/). It is free and pretty powerful for vector graphics.

1. Get whatever SVG you plan on using and put it in the `tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\icons` folder.

2. In VS Code, press Ctrl+Shift+B, and select "tgui: rebuild tgfont". Wait for it to comlpete.

Now your SVG will be able to be used in the game.

When you reference your icon that you prefix it with "tg-", otherwise it will not find it. For example, with an SVG named "prosthetic-leg.svg", you would reference it with `icon_state = "tg-prosthetic-leg"`.

Keep your SVG as simple as possible, the engine has trouble rendering SVGs that have a lot of little disconnected parts.
```

CC @AnturK to make sure I have the new instructions right.

General writing touch ups.

> The following is the process to implement your own icon using an svg.

Reviewer 2: What everyone else has been saying, atomize this out. Means move it to a different pr

If you plan on making your own SVG, i suggest Inkscape, as it is free and pretty powerful for vector graphics.

> 1. Get whatever SVG you plan on using and put it in the ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\icons folder.

Reviewer 3: You should atomize your PR’s, this is not very relevant to adding the quirk

Author: > You should atomize your PR’s, this is not very relevant to adding the quirk

Absolutely is relevant because if anyone wants to make a quirk in the future this is the only way to add a custom icon to the quirk.

2. In VScode, at the top, open "Terminal>New Terminal" and run this exact line of code without the quotes -> ".\BUILD.cmd tg-font"
    Wait till its all complete

3. In ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\dist you will find 3 files that were generated, a .css, .eot and a .WOFF2 file. Copy and replace all 3 of these files to
    the following directory -> ..\tgstation\tgui\packages\tgfont\static

> 4. Then we run/double click the BUILD.bat file in ..\tgstation\

Reviewer: wait why are you doing any of this. you should be able to just build. if you cant that is a bug

Author: > wait why are you doing any of this. you should be able to just build. if you cant that is a bug

Ask Anturk, hes the one managing the system and I followed his steps.

Reviewer: @AnturK theres no way you need to copy and replace files for tgfont bro
